[RHACS] ROX-24046: Incorporating Minimalism feedback (#75541)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/administration-event-details-overview.adoc

// *operating/using-the-administration-events-page.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="administration-event-details-overview_{context}"]
= Administration event details overview

> The administration event provide log information that describes the error or event. 

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be:
```suggestion
The administration event provides log information that describes the error or event. 
```

The logs provide the following information:

> * Context of the event.

Reviewer 2: This is a bulleted list of incomplete sentences (fragments), so periods are not needed. See [IBM Style](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#punctuation-in-lists).

* Steps to take to fix the error.

The administration event page organizes information in the following groups:

* *Resource type*: Classifies events based on the resource or component type involved.
+ 
The following resource types are included:

** `API Token`
** `Cluster` 
** `Image`
** `Node`
** `Notifier`

* *Resource name*: Specifies the name of the resource or component to which the event refers. It identifies the specific instance within the domain where the event occurred.

* *Event type*: Specifies the source of the event. Central generates log events that correspond to administration events created from log statements.

> * *Event ID*: An identifier assigned to each event. It serves as a reference point and can be useful in tracking and managing events over time. Event IDs are unique alphanumeric characters that help identify and distinguish events.

Reviewer 2: suggestion to improve flow a bit:

```suggestion
* *Event ID*: A unique identifier composed of alphanumeric characters that is assigned to each event. Event IDs can be useful in identifying, tracking. and managing events over time.
```

> * *Created at*: Indicates the timestamp and date when the event was originally created or recorded. It provides an indication of when the event was first detected or created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Created at*: Indicates the timestamp and date when the event was originally created or recorded.

* *Last occurred at*: Specifies the timestamp and date when the event last occurred. This tracks the timing of the event, which can be critical for diagnosing and fixing recurring issues.

> * *Count*: Indicates the number of times a particular event occurred. This number is useful in assessing the frequency of an issue. An event that has occurred multiple times indicates a persistent issue you need to fix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Count*: Indicates the number of times a particular event occurred. This number is useful in assessing the frequency of an issue. An event that has occurred multiple times indicates a persistent issue that you need to fix.
```
